+++
title = "Audience is a Superpower"
date = "2021-03-15"
description = ""
hideReadMore = "true"
+++

What is an audience, how do you find them: - People who want to hear from you
and would miss you if you didn’t show up. - People who want follow you around
even when you jump off and change.

Audience building = Community Building. - How to Build Community Around Your
Publication) - Leveraging Communal Forces

Kevin Kelly - 1000 true fans principles.

That makes it so you won’t need to make a lot of money on each of them to make a
very good living (100$/years -= 100k / years revenue).

To start pick the friends, the people you know who would be interesting in the
topics: - Text them or connect with them. - Some will say no and you need to get
used to it too. - Habit skill of rejection and learn how to make the ask.

Show up cnsistently no matter the result.

You don’t control the result but you control the process.

If you’re one step ahead of your audience then everything you learn as value for
them to learn: - Concept of Leading learner.

People wants connection and to get connection you need to tell the full story
and be authentic.

People connect the most when you’re authentic with your story, the mistake you
made, the errors, the problems.

Tell the story or teach and just switch between the 2 as you see fit.o

## Own Your Distribution

**From @david_perell**

The Internet has become hyper-centralized. The vast majority of our attention is
devoted to the major social media platforms, such as Twitter, YouTube, Facebook,
and Instagram. But instead of leaning on these platforms, you should own your
distribution.

Don’t let the major platforms control your relationships with readers when you
can build a direct relationship with them.

Instead of leaning on these platforms, own your distribution.

Here’s an example of a platform that will seem to help but will actually hurt
you. When you first start writing, you’ll be tempted to write on Medium. Yes,
the platform will give you quick traffic and short-term dopamine hits. But when
you write on somebody else’s distribution patform, you aren’t able to reach your
audience when you need to.

I learned about the downsides of writing on Medium the hard way. Thousands of
people were reading my articles, but after they finished them, they followed the
Medium recommendations to another article by another writer. Now, when people
visit my website, they are much more likely to stay and read multiple articles
at a time.

I made this mistake so you don’t have to.

Own your distribution. Build a simple personal website. Then, create an email
list and ask people to subscribe with a button on your website. Email is by far
the best place to build an audience because your list can never be taken away
from you. It’s 100% yours.

As Angel Investor Naval said: “Building a following on [Twitter, YouTube, and
Medium] is building a castle out of sand, as the implacable tide shifts in and
out. Invest in the free and open web — blogs, podcasts, newsletters.”

Today, my email list is my single most valuable asset. Day-by-day, its
compounding growth continues. My list isn’t just a database of emails. It’s a
world of relationships I’ve built with thousands of people who share my
interests and trust my expertise.

Building relationships with intelligent and interesting readers is the best part
of writing online. But you shouldn’t expect people to magically visit your site,
no matter how good your writing is. Look, I get it.

It’s not fun to write into the void. Writing online is like a gym routine.
Getting started is the hardest part, but the habit becomes a routine once you
start seeing results. But if you want to build an audience, you need to focus on
distribution.

As a writer, it is your responsibility to find your readers, not your readers’
responsibility to find you. And in the next email, we’ll talk about how to do
that.

Get your writing done today,

## How to Build Community Around Your Publication 

Write down your answers to these questions:

Who do you want to bring together?  Why do they want to come together?  Bailey
explained that it’s especially good when you can describe your audience in terms
of behavior and motivations rather than demographics; the latter might even be a
legacy from advertising, which tends to put us into categories (think “35-44
year old urban working mom”).

By contrast, describing your audience in terms of a shared perspective creates
the space for something that anyone can be a part of

“Being at the surprising center of a Venn diagram can feel really impactful and
meaningful”.  Try to write a sentence that brings these two parts together (this
also makes for a great one-sentence description for your Substack!):

This community brings together [WHO] so we can [WHY].  For example, Bailey
shared the story of YouTubers John and Hank Green, whose community of
Nerdfighters brings together “nerds and the ‘otherwise out of sync’” (who) to
“increase awesome and decrease world suck” (why).  What do they need more of?
What change do they desire?  What’s a problem that only they can solve together?
Think of a shared activity that helps your community achieve their “why”. In
other words: what do people get together to do?  In her experience, Bailey has
found that people tend to get together in order to do something that is better
in a group, like teach each other, support each other, and meet up locally

Your shared activity should have the following traits:

Purposeful: It brings your community’s “why” to life Participatory: It gives
others the chance to contribute (ideally, you shouldn’t do all the work!)
Repeatable: It takes place regularly, which builds a habit or ritual (Bailey
noted that organizing a community is like running a cafe: you need to keep the
doors open for your patrons.) Your writing is a beacon for like-minded readers,
even if you don’t know who they all are yet! Giving your readers the chance to
get to know you, as well as their fellow subscribers, can be a powerful
experience. Once you know who your audience is, the what’s and how’s of building
your community will easily follow.

## Leveraging Communal Forces 

I have found that, across the board, extremely
productive and accomplished people and teams capitalize on the power of
community to push their ideas forward. The utilization of communal forces yields
invaluable feedback and idea refinement, builds and nourishes beneficial
relationships, and establishes a connective tissue that provides resources,
support, and inspiration.
